- [Instructor] Depending on your organization,
this is a question
that hopefully you've been trying to answer
for quite some time.
What are the package requirements
for my organization and application?
With Spring Boot,
you can architect your application
in about five different ways.
You could create an uber-jar,
which allows you to package your application in such a way
that it makes it independent of application servers
you might have traditionally used.
Internally, this Spring Boot uber-jar uses Tomcat by default
when you include spring-boot-starter-web,
but you could just as well opt to use Tomcat,
Jetty, Undertow, or Reactor Netty.
Just be sure that you exclude spring-boot-starter-tomcat.
Spring Boot uber-jar includes this embedded web server
as part of creating a self-contained environment.
So far in our demos, we have used the uber-jar methodology.
The second application packaging option
is to use a war file.
This allows rapid development and testing
by executing the war file just like the jar file,
and still being able to deploy it
to traditional web application servers,
like Tomcat, JBoss, GlassFish, or even WebLogic
with a few additional tweaks.
It should be noted, however,
that this pattern of deploying war files
can cause issues with shared class paths
and Tomcat instances.
And so you have to pay attention to those issues
when you're configuring a shared Tomcat instance
to host multiple applications.
Josh Long, the Spring Developer Advocate at Pivotal,
in an interview with InfoQ, points out that,
"You do not need to deploy code into a container.
Just stand up the engine.
It's just a library at that point.
It's all about reducing the surface area."
His mantra is make jar, not war.
The third packaging methodology you could use
is to create an RPM for a specific environment.
There are benefits in this packaging methodology
when you want to control
the start and stopping of an application
through the service system commands, like systemctl.
The installed application,
as a service on the Linux distro,
then can be assigned a role
and restarted via differing listener agents.
Keep in mind that for this approach,
you have to have the Linux distribution
that you're going to build the RPM on
to match the targeted Linux distribution
that you're deploying to.
This can often be handled
through your CI/CD pipelines and build agents.
The fourth packaging methodology
concerns building a jar or a war file
and packaging it on a Docker image.
The obvious benefits of this approach
are that the application and the configuration
are containerized and self-contained,
allowing one to only have to deploy a Docker container.
The fifth, and really the newest,
is to create a native image using Spring Boot and GraalVM.
This is the newest packaging paradigm,
and it's still under development with Spring Native,
but you can quickly create and deploy
applications that run natively.
You can also do this as native apps in Docker.